Add as-at-date to API (#809)
laws-africa/indigo: docs/api/public.rst

Field               Description                                                                         Type
=================== =================================================================================== ==========
amendments          List of amendments that have been applied to create this expression of the work.    See below

> as_at_date          Date up to which this work is up to date.                                           ISO8601

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as_at_date          Date up to which this work has been updated.                                           ISO8601
```

Author: That's better, thanks :)
